and so it was when king hezekiah heard
it that he tore his clothes covered
himself with sackcloth and went into the
house of the law then he sent a like him
who was over the household shebna the
scribe and the elders of the priests
covered with sackcloth to Isaiah the
prophet the son of Amos thus says
Hezekiah this day is a day of trouble
and rebuke and blasphemy for the
children have come to birth but there is
no strength to bring them forth it may
be that the Lord your God will hear all
the words of the rap Chaka whom his
master the king of Assyria has sent to
reproach the Living God and will rebuke
the words which the Lord your God has
heard therefore lift up your prayer for
the remnant that is left so the servants
of King Hezekiah came to Isaiah and
Isaiah said to them thus you shall say
to your master thus says the Lord do not
be afraid of the words which you have
heard with which the servants of the
king of Assyria have blaspheme me surely
I will send a spirit upon him and he
shall hear a rumour and return to his
own land and I will cause him to fall by
the sword in his own land then the
rapture returned and found the king of
Assyria warring against LeFleur for he
heard that he had departed from lakish
and the king heard concerning turcica
king of ethiopia look he has come out to
make war with you so he again sent
messengers to Hezekiah thus you shall
speak to Hezekiah king of Judah saying
do not let your God in whom you trust
deceive you saying Jerusalem shall not
be given into the hand of the king of
Assyria
look you have heard what the kings of
Assyria have done to all lands by
utterly destroying them and shall you be
delivered have the gods of the nations
delivered those whom my fathers have
destroyed goes an and hey ran and Reis F
and the people of Eden who were in
Telesur where's the king of hey math the
king of our part and the king of the
city of sefar am Hina and IVA
and Hezekiah received the letter from
the hand of the messengers and read it
and Hezekiah went up to the house of the
Lord and spread it before the Lord then
as a car prayed before the Lord O Lord
God of Israel the one who dwells between
the cherubim you are God you alone of
all the kingdoms of the earth you have
made heaven and earth incline your ear o
Lord and hear open your eyes o Lord and
see and hear the words of Sennacherib
which he has sent to reproach the Living
God truly Lord the kings of Assyria have
laid waste the nation's and their lands
and have cast their gods into the fire
but they were not gods but the work of
men's hands wood and stone therefore
they destroyed them now therefore O Lord
our God I pray save us from his hand
that all the kingdoms of the earth may
know that you are the Lord God you alone
then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to
Hezekiah thus says the Lord God of
Israel
because you have prayed to me against
Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard
this is the word which the Lord has
spoken concerning him the Virgin the
daughter of Zion has despised you
laughed you to scorn the daughter of
Jerusalem has shaken her head behind
your back
whom have you reproached and blaspheme
against whom have you raised your voice
and lifted up your eyes on high against
the Holy One of Israel by your
messengers you have reproached the Lord
and said by the multitude of my chariots
I have come up to the height of the
mountains to the limits of Lebanon
I will cut down its tall Cedars and it's
choice cypress trees I will enter the
extremity of its borders to its fruitful
forest I have dug and drunk strange
water and with the soles of my feet I
have dried up all the Brooks of Defense
did you not hear long ago how I made it
from ancient times that I formed it now
I have brought it to pass that you
should be for crushing fortified cities
into heaps of ruins therefore their
inhabitants had little power they were
dismayed and confounded they were as the
grass of the field and the green herb as
the grass on the housetops and grain
blighted before it has grown but I know
your dwelling place your going out and
your coming in and your rage against me
because your rage against me and your
tumult have come up to my ears therefore
I will put my hook in your nose and my
bridle in your lips and I will turn you
back by the way which you came this
shall be assigned to you you shall eat
this year such as grows of itself and in
the second year
what Springs from the same also in the
third year sow and reap plant vineyards
and
eat the fruit of them and the remnant
who have escaped of the house of Judah
shall again take route downward and bear
fruit upward for out of Jerusalem shall
go a remnant and those who escape from
Mount Zion the zeal of the Lord of Hosts
will do this therefore thus says the
Lord concerning the king of Assyria he
shall not come into this city nor shoot
an arrow there nor come before it with
shield nor build a siege mount against
it by the way that he came by the same
shall he return and he shall not come
into this city says the Lord for I will
defend the city to save it for my own
sake and for my servant David's sake and
it came to pass on a certain night that
the angel of the Lord went out and
killed in the camp of the Assyrians
185,000 and when people arose early in
the morning there were the corpses all
dead so Sennacherib king of Assyria
departed and went away returned home and
remained at Nineveh
now it came to pass as he was worshiping
in the temple of miss rock his God that
his sons etre Moloch and charisse's
struck him down with the sword and they
escaped into the land of Ararat then
Issa hadn't his son reigned in his place
you